update pagination (#1487)
nsbno/spor: .changeset/good-pugs-thank.md

---
"@vygruppen/spor-react": major
---

> Pagination: totalPages is now count. defaultPage is the currently selected page, and pageSize determines how many items is displayed per page. Lastly you can set a siblingCount to determine how many pages are shown adjacent to the current page. 

Reviewer: Dette er mye å ta over 1 linje. Det går helt fint å dele det opp litt, kanskje slik:
```suggestion
**Pagination:** 
Prop changes:
- `totalPages` > `count`
- `selectedPage` > `page`

New props:
- `pageSize` determine how many items is displayed per page
- `siblingCount` determine how many pages are shown adjacent to the current page
- `defaultPage` can set the initial page on first render
```
